= Overview

@aseldawy
I added lots of feature to this plugin to make it usable.
* Compatibility with FireFox and Chrome
* A method to initialize the state programmatically
* A method to retrieve state programmatically
* Callbacks when state is changed
* Compatibility with jquery 1.1 or later
* Auto linking with labels that were already linked with the original checkbox

I also added sample file for how to use it.
In the original plugin, I had to dig into source code to know how to use it.

Enjoy!

@bcollins
I needed a tri-state checkbox for a client's project and didn't find
much on the web that I thought was suitable.  The one at
http://shamsmi.blogspot.com/2008/12/tri-state-checkbox-using-javascript.html
was close, but the Javascript was unnecessarily complex (although he
may have been trying to avoid framework dependencies).  As far as I'm
concerned, jQuery *is* Javascript.

I have shamelessly stolen the images in Shamsmi's package and wrote
this simple plugin.

= How to use
Here's a simple example
 <form>
  <input type="checkbox" id="accept"/>
  <label for="accept">Accept</label>
 </form>
 
 $('#accept').tristate();

The above code will convert the checkbox inplace with a tristate.
The user can now interact with it as if it was a checkbox.
When the form is sent the value of the checkbox will be either "checked", "unchecked" or "intermediate".
You can also determine its value from JavaScript using the call
 $('#accept').getState();

or set its current value using
 $('#accept').setState("intermediate");

You can also prepare a callback to be fired whenever the state changes
 $('#accept').bind("stateChanged", function() {
  alert("Hey! You changed the state");
 });

or in the jQuery way
 $('#accept').stateChanged( function() {
  alert("State is now " + $(this).getState());
 }

You can override the default images path in initialization
 $('#accept').tristate({imgPath:"/images/tristate/"});

Possible initialize options are
initialState:      Either "checked", "unchecked" or "intermediate"
imgPath:           A path where the images are located.
autoIntermediate:  Allow the user to set the "intermediate" state
after:             I don't know. Ask bcollins :)
